Rewrite OpenSCAP (#2173)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-compliance-policy-deployment-methods.adoc

[id="configuring-compliance-policy-deployment-methods_{context}"]
= Configuring Compliance Policy Deployment Methods

Use the following procedure to configure {Project} for the method that you have selected to deploy compliance policies.

.Procedure
* For the Ansible deployment method:
** Ensure that you import the `theforeman.foreman_scap_client` Ansible role.

+
For more information, see {ManagingConfigurationsAnsibleDocURL}[_{ManagingConfigurationsAnsibleDocTitle}_].

+
Then you must assign the created policy and the `theforeman.foreman_scap_client` Ansible role to a host or host group.
To trigger the deployment, you must run the Ansible role on the host or host group either manually, or set up a recurring job using remote execution for regular policy updates.
For more information, see {ManagingHostsDocURL}Configuring_and_Setting_Up_Remote_Jobs_managing-hosts[Configuring and Setting Up Remote Jobs] in _{ManagingHostsDocTitle}_.
* For the Puppet deployment method:

> . Ensure Puppet is enabled.

Reviewer: You're changing the list type from Unordered for Ansible to ordered for Puppet. Is that intentional? Also, some lines begin with "Ensure that you ..." and some with "Ensure to ...". Mabye also drop the word "must" as it's a procedure and users have to follow it anyway?

Author: Yes, that's because for Ansible, there's only a single step.

. Ensure the Puppet agent is installed on hosts.
. Ensure that you import the Puppet environment that contains the `foreman_scap_client` Puppet module.
For more information, see {ManagingConfigurationsPuppetDocURL}[_{ManagingConfigurationsPuppetDocTitle}_].

+
Then you must assign the created policy and the `foreman_scap_client*` Puppet classes to a host or host group.
Puppet triggers the deployment on the next regular run or you can run Puppet manually.
Note that Puppet runs every 30 minutes by default.

* For the manual deployment method, no additional {Project} configuration is required.
ifdef::satellite[]
+

> For information on manual deployment, see https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6389101[How to set up OpenSCAP Policies using Manual Deployment option] in the _Red{nbsp}Hat Knowledgebase_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For information on manual deployment, see https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6389101[How to set up OpenSCAP Policies using Manual Deployment option] in the _{Team} Knowledgebase_.
```

[id="configuring-compliance-policy-deployment-methods_{context}"]
= Configuring Compliance Policy Deployment Methods

Use the following procedure to configure {Project} for the method that you have selected to deploy compliance policies.

.Procedure
* For the Ansible deployment method:

> ** Ensure that you import the `theforeman.foreman_scap_client` Ansible role.

Reviewer: In orcharhino, it's most likely also `theforeman.foreman` or `theforeman.foreman_scap_client`.

+
For more information, see {ManagingConfigurationsAnsibleDocURL}[_{ManagingConfigurationsAnsibleDocTitle}_].

+
Then you must assign the created policy and the `theforeman.foreman_scap_client` Ansible role to a host or host group.
To trigger the deployment, you must run the Ansible role on the host or host group either manually or set up a recurring job using remote execution.
* For the Puppet deployment method:

> ifdef::satellite[]

Reviewer: IMHO this applies to all build targets.

Author: Oki, let me reword it a bit.

. Enable Puppet.
endif::[]
. Ensure the Puppet agent is installed on hosts.
. Ensure that you import the Puppet environment that contains the `foreman_scap_client` Puppet module.
For more information, see {ManagingConfigurationsPuppetDocURL}[_{ManagingConfigurationsPuppetDocTitle}_].

+
Then you must assign the created policy and the `foreman_scap_client*` Puppet classes to a host or host group.
Puppet triggers the deployment on the next regular run or you can run Puppet manually.
Note that Puppet runs every 30 minutes by default.

* For the manual deployment method, no additional {Project} configuration is required.
ifdef::satellite[]
+
For information on manual deployment, see https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6389101[How to set up OpenSCAP Policies using Manual Deployment option] in the _Red{nbsp}Hat Knowledgebase_.
endif::[]

> 
> .Additional resources
> * xref:deploying-compliance-policies_{context}[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

IMHO an xref does not qualify as an "additional resource". I'd just drop it here to be honest.
